---
title: Rome and Italy
date: 09/12/2008
category: travel
published: false
---

Getting to Munich airport wasn&rsquo;t to hard&hellip;..just one train ride but we had to make sure we where in the right (back) part of the train because a few stations before the airport the train splits in half&hellip; keep that in mind if your ever traveling in Europe or else you could end up in the wrong place cause the trains sometimes split. Anyway got to Rome&rsquo;s Fiumicino airport a few hours later an took the graffiti covered Leonardo Express into the city after a few fights between me an mum on how to find the train station. Was a very strange experience being in Germany one moment an than Italy the next&hellip;.they are two very different countries. Got of at Roma Termini which is the central station an than took one of the two metro undergrounds a couple of stops the Coliseum station. Stepped out of the station an there it was&hellip;..ancient fucking Rome. The Coliseum is huge an looks very cool both at night (how we first saw it) an in the day. Anyway the place we where staying at a friend of Here&rsquo;s who we met in Australia an he lives like 500m from the Coliseum. Had a nice wholesome dinner with him that night along with a nice red wine an than the next day me an mum set of an went to the Coliseum, the Forum an the Palatine Hill. We had the most full day an saw so much an we didn&rsquo;t stop for lunch so by the end of the day I was nearly passing out from low blood sugar. I couldn&rsquo;t even order at the little café we stopped at I was so fucked. Seeing all this stuff was pretty amazing as it
is like the oldest structures I have ever scene. Rome was very full on compared to Germany though. Poverty is very evident on the streets &hellip;.. there are groups of Indian looking and North African people trying to sell you fake Gucci handbags, sunnies, scarfs, little camera stands etc an they are really desperate. There are also old Italian ladies begging on the street &hellip;. It is pretty heart breaking. Around any tourist areas there are a lot of these people an mum got tricked into buying a rose from one guy. Also around the Coliseum there are all these guys dressed up as Roman legionaries trying to make you get a picture with them. Anyway the next day we did a big walk through the inner city of Rome to lots of places like the Piazza Navona (a market square), the Pantheon which is an amazing church that has a huge round hole built in the middle of the roof an contains Rafael&rsquo;s sarcophagus. It was one of my favorite buildings. Than we went to the Trevi Fountain which was also nice but by than I was needing food again an so not enjoying things that much. We found a café an ate an than continued our walk saw some more beautiful squares an a great view of Rome an the Vatican but than it was getting late so we decided to go home. I thought we had walked so far that day (an in terms of k&rsquo;s we had) but not in distance from where we where staying. Rome is actually a surprisingly small city an you can easily walk around it &hellip; though walking an crossing streets in Rome is fucking scary. You just have to step out in front of cars to make them stop so you can cross the road. The don&rsquo;t have lines on the roads, pedestrian crossings mean nothing and nor do red lights sometimes. Its pretty intense. Being in a car in Rome is an experience let me tell you. The day after our big walk we did the Vatican Museums an St. Peters Basilica&hellip;. Caught the metro over the river to the Vatican early so as to beat the crowds a bit but it turned out to be fine. Only about a line of 50 meters&hellip;..not at all like in Euro Trip an sadly I saw no robot man. Saw a gold statue man though. Inside the Vatican you go through a lot of security an buy your ticket an than head of into the maze of museums an &ldquo;old shit&rdquo; as became my expression for explaining a lot of Rome by the last day or so.
There is so much stuff in the museums that has been stolen by Popes for hundreds of years an brought to the Vatican, statues, pottery, jewelry, paintings etc . Even whole mosaic floors have been stolen as well as a Pyramid from Egypt although it is not in the Vatican. On completion of the Vatican museums which took hours (and after we had seen St. Peters) me an mum pretty much agreed you could safely skip the museums an just do St. Peters. I mean they are interesting an seeing the Sistine Chapel was pretty cool but it is all a bit over rated. Still happy I did it though. Now St. Peters square is pretty beautiful not to mention free an inside the Basilica it is absolutely amazing. Massive an so many paintings an sarcophagus&rsquo;s an gold etc. an the alter thing is just fucking enormous. Michelangelo's Pieta was pretty amazing as was the massive dome in the center of the building that he designed. We left there an had some shit expensive food down the road&hellip;..don&rsquo;t eat close to tourist places. We new that but where Hungary an tired. We than went an saw the fortified castle on the river where the Pope would escape to if the Vatican was invaded an than we went home. We visited Heara&rsquo;s mother that night which was really lovely. She is 81 I think an doesn&rsquo;t speak any English but she was telling us stories in Italian an it was really great. She was pretty sad when we left though, it must be pretty lonely to live on your own. The remaining days in Rome we saw more &ldquo;old shit&rdquo; &hellip;.. some of it I enjoyed. Oh an we also nearly got to see George Clooney&hellip;&hellip;he was in Rome for something an yeah &hellip;. We missed him though an only saw the car he was in. Dam! On the Sunday I packed up all my stuff an than mum came with me to the central station an I got on a train for the airport. She stayed one more day In Rome an than went to Florence but I will let her tell you of that. That is pretty much it except to say Rome airport security for getting on a plane is shit &hellip;.. they have there mettle detector things set so sensitive that you have to take of your belt etc an they even want you to take out you fillings. Almost. Also Australian accents stand out in Europe so much. Its very funny
to hear one. American tourists are the most annoying an loudest of them all. An you can buy beer
anywhere&hellip;..even drink a beer while waiting for your plane. Hope you didn&rsquo;t die reading that cause I almost did writing it.