---
title: Munchen und Bayern
date: 05/12/2008
category: travel
published: false
---

Than on the Tuesday of the next week me an mum caught the bus out to Hamburg airport an boarded a plain for Munich. Landed at Munich airport what felt like only moments after take of.... the air hostesses only barley having time to rush up an down with drinks. We where booked in to stay a week with some German friends of mum who house swapped to Byron Bay for 8 months last year. Got picked up by Peter (who is a film director/script writer etc) in a funky new mini cooper an sped down the autobahn weaving in an out of traffic at an average of 150k/h .... stopping inches from the bumper bars of breaking cars. Intense! Jarinda (Peters partner an awesome Photographer) soon got home an we proceeded to drink our way through roughly a bottle of white each an than hit the sack. They have an awesome house from like 1914.....only had like 3 owners. Seriously befitting artists. Mum says it was like being in the middle of a period drama. Me an mum got out an about in Munich (i had to learn a whole other train system) saw some galleries an some Palaces an some lovely parks. An so many cranes (building cranes), you would think Bavarians can't lift anything weighing more than 5k without the aid of a crane....unbelievable. We where originally going to take the train from Munich to Rome (our next destination) but Peter an Jarinda talked us out of it an told us we could save a lot of money by flying an see more of the Alps if we did some day trips while in Munich so thats what we did. We did two trips......one to Garmisch-Partenkirchen and one to the small town of Füssen to vist the famous fairytale castle Neuschwanstein. On our first trip we got to Garmisch at about midday, it is a beautiful little town nestled in amongst the snow covered Alps right on the boarder with Austria. Has hosted the Winter Olympics before an was the birthplace of the guy who wrote the Never Ending Story. We went straight to the tourist office to see how we could go up into one of the mountains but we where told we where to late an that everyone was coming down. So a bit disappointed we walked around the place an saw an old church from like 1400 an a few other things an than we decided to walk up to where the cable cars where going up one of the mountains. I thought there was no way we could go up but mum wouldn&rsquo;t leave without asking an it was lucky she did cause you could still go up. Stupid old lady in the tourist office must have spoke less English than I thought. Anyway we than paid our 8 euro or something an jumped in a cable car. We where both very excited. It has only snowed once since I have been here an that was my first time seeing snow an it was hardly anything. When we got up the top it was amazing an so beautiful&hellip;&hellip;snow everywhere an more mountains rising up in the distance. An there where lots an lots of people coming flying down the slope on both snowboards an skies&hellip;. All ages to&hellip;.. saw some tiny little kids with some serious skill an speed. Made me want to get out there so much but we didn&rsquo;t have enough time so had a nice beer while taking in the scenery. Our next trip saw us take a similar train trip from Munich but this time a bit further southwest and closer to the Austrian border still. We got out in Füssen which is of little note accept it provides the train station and bus service that allows access to a number of casteless in the area, one of them being Neuschwanstein. Neuschwanstein is a 19th century castle that was built by Ludwig II of Bavaria who was gay, extremely eccentric and obsessed with the operas of Wagner and building castles. He spent so much money on building castles that the German authorities declared him mentally insane an than killed him&hellip;.. opening this castle as a museum only a few weeks later. He never got to live in the castle but its pretty amazing. It is the castle that inspired Walt Disney&rsquo;s logo an lots of the castles from their movies. Halfway up the mountains with snow caped mountains towering around it &hellip; it has amazing views of two lakes. The insides are decorated with scenes from Wagner&rsquo;s operas an he was such a weird guy that he even had a mock cave, complete with stalactites an stalagmites, built in one of his hallways. By far the best room in the whole castle was his music hall. Situated at the top of the castle it was built with an acoustic ceiling like the body of a guitar so when music is played in there it is supposed to sounds amazing. We where hoping it would snow while we where there but it didn&rsquo;t quite. Getting into the castle was pretty strange. You buy your ticket down the hill an than walk or take a horse drawn carriage up (we walked). When you get up there are no people on the gates but there is a turnstile set up with a screen that has the Tour numbers on it. When your tour number comes up you put your ticket in the turnstile an go through. It sorts you into language groups, English, German, Asian an all you other people. An than a door opens you go through. It shuts behind you an you are locked in this hall way like a cage. I was thinking it was the last thing I would see before I got carted of to the dungeons by some Nazi&rsquo;s or crazy gay kings cousin or whatever. Scary. Than the tour guide opened the gate. After it we went back to the train station a got chocolate an some bottles of spirits an drunk an ate on the train home. Fun.